I want to re create on New Jobs, When I choose Offset print, I want to remake the form for Offset print. details and feilds are below,
on top of the section is Cutomer Information for this I want to select customer and below the customer I need new Section to add more important information. I want to add the Delivery Date, Job Number, Job Name also Main this is Quantity. Quantity feild show me like a different color. 
1. I need one check box to select Paper Suppliy by Customer If this check We will skip 2 . If not form continoue with 2nd. I need another check box say Paper cutting By Customer, If this one is checked we have to skip number 4, If this not check we continoue with number 4.
2. Paper type, I want to add paper types from settings page, on the form I need Drop down menu with that Paper types.
3. Colors, in this section I need Check box to select colors, Colors are, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, Black, Fire Red, Royal Blue, Green, Orange, Violet, Purple, Chocolate Brown, Coffee Brown, Merun, Golden Yellow, Gold, Silver and Cutom Color, On cutom color selected we need space to type.
4. then we need to come to this step may for for here we can come by pressed next, So then here we need add and remove box to add multiple item select so after when we select the items  We need to set Qtn, Cut Size and Cut per sheet. after selecting the paper items we will get a form to add those information for selected paper items. So to select I need this papers items, Blank Paper, Art Paper, Dimy Paper, Poster Paper, Box Board, Art Board and Ivory Board. these items I need to add it from the settings page. 
5.Then we go to next page here we need setup Printing Methords, We need to set Paper Size, Qty, Printing System and print impression, So for the print impressions we need two feild to add two values so I need another box to get this value multipy, like "2x2=4".(QtnxUnit Price=Result) then I need another section for laminate.
6. Laminating I need select the type of the laminating which is Glossy and Matt after that I want to input the size of the Laminate and QTN so when I put those infor mation I need result feild to show the laminating cost feilds are HeightxWidthxUnit pricexQty= result. The unit price for this section i need to set on settings page. So then I need another setion for Die Cut
7. for Die Cut we need checkbox to select the Cutter, These are New Cutter, Old Cutter, Creasing, Perforating after that below I need to calculate Imprission for Die Cut this one is getting the 2 feild data and multiply and show the result. If need we need to change the result manually. Impresson calculation is QtnxUnit price= Result. 
8. We need new section for this if need I want to Skip button to skip this part. This one for Bill Books, I need to choose how many papers we useed for get copy for this bill book and Depend on the paper line up Like I have to choose maxium is 6 number how many copy so then for those copies I have to select the paper type and we have to choose the color for that paper we used. for example if I choose 4 papers so then I need one form with saying 1st paper, 2nd paper, 3rd paper, 4th paper so then in front of the paper I want to select the paper. the paper types get from the number 2 so paper types will add from settings page. for the colors use all colors from number 3. make color check box to select which color we used for each paper. below that I need another small form to add some details I want to type below information, Bill numbers, Book Numbers, Sets, Qty and Unit price need to be type here and show the price next feild by multiply QTNxUnitprice.
Also I want Select Gathering and Binding option to select by selecting one I want to add QTNxUNIT PRICE=SHOW RESULT.
Also I want If I select Binding Oprion I want to Choose below Systems, TOP PAD, SIDE PAD, SIDE BINDING, TOP BINDING. So when We select one of those binding I need POP UP Window to select what Kind of Template we use. Those template I want to Upload from settings page so when The windows POP UP we can select which template we use so it more easy to understand to Print section to Do binding. It's Image with Line diagram and say wher we need binding. So each binding option we need to upload different image from Settings so when we select here it will show the image for each Binding systems. 

9. this is Calander Section this also if need we need to Skip this also. I will add ths infor mation for this later. keep empty with skip button, 
10. in this section I need to select some material is supply by customer or Supplier. So I need Toggle button to select Supplier or Customer so then If it Customer automatically show for below Items it supply by Customer. If toggle button for Supplier we need to choose what supplier is suppliy those material. Materials are this. CTP Plate, Die Cutter Maker, Die Cutting, Laminating and Cutting. 